feat(store-indexer): add experimental/local SQL API endpoint (#3676)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/yellow-otters-swim.md

---
"@latticexyz/store-indexer": patch
---

> Added Dozer-like query API endpoint `/q` to the SQLite indexer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added experimental SQL API endpoint `/q` to the SQLite indexer. This is only intended for local development purposes and should not be used in production.
```
